The explorers embark on the return journey.
Sami no longer denies their passage, but the encounters and events along the way have all but exhausted their supplies.
All of them wish to take just one step further, but all of them know it would be one step too far.
It is time to return to the south, resupply, research, request funding. The team will not head north again until all is ready.
Some have already started calculating the cost-benefit analysis of the expedition on the way.
Personnel, equipment, supplies... all necessary losses in exploration.
Discovery of new species, documentation of phenomena, publishing an account of the journey... all potential gains from the expedition that may ensure that there is a next one.
Most importantly—
As 'southerners,' they have earned the goodwill of the Sami people.
In the past, they could not expect any assistance from Sami barbari—er, friends from Sami. They would count themselves lucky simply not to be on the receiving end of their axes and arrows.
But they have made enough trips into Sami and the icefields. There is no reason for humans to senselessly fight other humans.
You trade rations for weapons. I trade medicine for new things from the outside.
Some explorers end up staying behind at Sami camps, facilitating communications and trade with the natives. Few would admit that they had fallen head over heels for a certain pretty (or handsome) Sami.
Some young warriors, tired of life in the villages, join the research teams as guides and bodyguards.
The walls of prejudice give way as exchange became more frequent, and the two sides begin to learn from and understand each other.
Sami or Columbian, they all have one head, two hands, two feet. Most of the time. Maybe the occasional tail.
This time, the Sami hold a feast to see their explorer friends off on their journey home.
A bonfire is lit under the clan tree, and Sami and outlander alike sing and dance around the fire.
Wooden puppets furiously spin the hand-powered generators, supplying power to the countless lights hung everywhere.
Fowlbeasts and drones dance in the sky together, to the tune of Sami hunting songs.
With the clan tree's permission, the tribe's Snowpriest hangs a great disco ball on the branches, and raises their scepter to call down lightning.
After a few moments of crackling, the disco ball begins to fill the space with enchanting, colorful lights.
Magallan cuddles up in a blanket, telling stories of her travels to fascinated Sami girls in fluent Sami.
Instant noodles float in wooden bowls, while the Sami girls eat their porridge from plastic and stainless steel bowls.
The revelers share food and stories.
For some reason, the scene reminds Magallan of a bonfire party on the school lawn, a long time ago.
The people care nothing for complicated matters, like who is Columbian and who is Sarkaz.
There are no goals, no ideals.
Enjoy the moment. That is all it takes.
Magallan finds herself relaxing for the first time in a while. She curls up and drifts into dream, as the other girls continue to chitter and chatter.
The other girls lay her on the ground, cover her with a blanket, pull the door sheet down, and silently leave the tent.
As the last girl leaves, she hangs a dreamcatcher on the tent's beam.
Tonight's noise will not interfere with Magallan's sweet dream.
......
She wakes up to find that a new day has come.
She opens the tent's door, and the morning rays rush in.
The sun is rising in the distance.
Most of the others still slumber in their tents, last night's revelry having taken its toll.
Magallan walks up to the cliff and looks up at the rising sun.
Exploration never stops at exploration. Magallan knew that.
Why, then?
A hunter who had risen early walks up to Magallan, asks to sit with her to watch the sunrise together, and Magallan assents.
She passes a gummy with colorful packaging to the hunter, who takes the candy and begins digging in her own pocket to find something.
She eventually finds a piece of jerky shaped like a branch, and gives it to Magallan.
Magallan thanks her and accepts.
The two chew on their respective prizes for a while, as they savor the sun's journey into the heavens together.
