Press onward.
The drone proceeds smoothly and quietly under the operator's control. The rock structure is crushed, and Magallan carefully collects the plants with their complete root structures exposed. She then recalls her Soaring Dragon drone and disassembles the modules one by one.
After completing the specimen collection, Magallan takes out her pen recorder.
This is the first time the joint expedition team has entered Sami...
She remains silent for a long time. The exploration craze on the Infy icefield has been going on for a few years now. Following the expedition team, Magallan has set off for the icefields from Sami countless times by now. Humanity's understanding of them has finally started to come into focus, and the university she once studied at has now invited her back to teach, where she would be greeted by countless expectant eyes filled with dreams. In the many days and nights prior, she had tried her best to record everything she saw and learned, carefully picking out the knowledge to be passed on to future explorers.
She stays silent for a moment, then puts away the pen recorder and begins to conduct a routine inspection on the drone. Due to the lack of maintenance in these harsh conditions, a number of components are worn out. It is fortunate that there were no malfunctions during the operation, no flashing lights, no abnormal beeping.
Magallan shuts the somewhat loose inspection hatch, slings her equipment over her back, and heads out from the chilly cave.
The mountain trail is covered by snow, the way forward completely obscured by a black haze. Magallan pauses at the mouth of the cave, briefly hesitant, before taking out a compass and barometer to help get her bearings.
She lowers her head to check the compass while at the same time taking her first laborious step onto the ice––
Press onward.
Surrounded by nothing but silence.
She trods on alone, not a soul to keep her company. The other members of her team, including the local Samifjod who offered to help, have already fallen along the way.
However, even were they still here, they would no longer recognize the researcher in front of them.
Melted black snow flows through the air, blocking the road ahead, but Magallan simply ignores it and continues to plod onward.
––The subtle movements amidst the Fjal Vetrtonn are but distorted shadows. Due to the gravitational disturbance, instruments are stacked atop their forms. The biological specimens collected along the way expand their outlines, constituting their predatory behavior. Their shifting shape seems to simulate rhythmic footsteps, while their position in real space fluctuates incoherently.
With no sense or reason, the shadows cross through the barrier.
The straps, worn away by the long trek, had snapped a long time ago, but only now did the tote bag fall due to the gravitational disturbance.
The explorer's manuscript to those who would carry her torch is buried beneath black snow.
Tucked within is a letter yet to be sent.
'Without attempting to address the root cause, I've experimented with various methods of avoiding Collapsal contact, but I know these methods are far from foolproof. As we accumulate experience and gain a deeper understanding of these phenomena, Collapsals in turn exhibit even more diverse phenomena. They can never be fully documented.
'Perhaps we are not yet ready to face this realization. Perhaps we never will be.'
'But I also know that despite the warnings, despite the dangers, we will ultimately–'
Press onward.
Even the compass in her hand can no longer identify which way is north.
The surface of its disk has been sealed by a murky black, and upon Magallan giving it a little shake, it briefly reflects a kaleidoscope of brilliant colors.
But Magallan is indeed heading north.
Between frost-bound cliffs and drifting black snow, the icefield yet looms.
A glimmer of silvery light pours through the crevice, shimmering in the darkness.
