Amma has left.
Typhon did not use the word 'die.' The souls of the dead still roam the land of Sami. It is only those who have left who never return.
She went over hills and tundra and through Myrkwood, always with fear in her heart. What will become of Sami without Amma's protection? Will the forests wilt? Will the hornbeasts still find sanctuary? Will the snow that has not been stepped on by Amma never melt?
Typhon found herself relieved when she saw that none of the sights had changed. The forests were still lush. Bubbling hot springs melted the nearby snow. The young hornbeast cuddles by her side, knowing that she harbored no ill intent towards it, and chewed on new leaves sprouting from the brush. Tired from the long journey, she almost falls asleep with the foal.
When the foal closes its gentle eyes, however, she awakes with a start, remembering the white hornbeast that hardly ever opened its eyes, which no longer protected the souls of Sami.
With unskilled warding Arts and arrows, she repels another shadow that had not yet grown into a threat, ensuring the safety of the foal. But the hornbeast did not know that Amma has left; it kept its old habits, sleeping in the shadow of the canopy without caution.
Soon, Typhon realizes that no one knew that Amma has left, for Sami has not changed.
Amma sacrificed Itself to protect the souls of Sami, and faded away forever, but those who It protected only think that they have not encountered It.
Typhon rescues a tribe caught between hedges and warns them to be more careful, for Amma can no longer protect them.
They answer, 'Yes, Amma has many to care for. We cannot always expect to receive Its kindness. We must take care of our own children.'
Typhon calls out to a hunter in the woods, 'You won't find the little snowballs that Amma left behind anymore!'
But the hunter does not believe her, because those who sought Amma's affection were always the last to find it. Thinking about why the snowballs are not there is the reason why one does not find Amma's affection. The hunter smiles at the child, and tosses a little snowball towards her, landing at her feet.
There is no one to say farewell to Amma with her, no one to prepare a funeral. How can she prove the melting snow that fell on her so long ago?
Typhon's sorrow becomes anger, but there is nothing she can take it out on. She cannot blame people for living a quiet life, nor the forest for its greenness. Therefore, she continues to wander, doing her best to protect all of it.
Until she encountered a Snowpriest.
She tells the Snowpriest, out of habit, that Amma no longer protected them. The Snowpriest nods.
This was the first time that someone listened to her. Finally finding an outlet, she pours out many stories about Amma, until there is nothing left to say. Then she mutters, 'But all of this is no more.'
'No,' answers the Snowpriest, who until now has listened with infinite patience. 'Do you know why Amma remained in Sami?'
'Remained?'
'Amma and Its kind have never belonged to any land.'
'It stayed because of Its attachment to the land and souls of Sami.'
'But Amma is gone,' Typhon says, even more anxious. 'Has It merely left Sami? Does It not care for the land of Sami anymore?'
'If you know where to look, child, Its love has never left.'
Typhon wants to ask more questions, but the Snowpriest has stood up.
Their silhouette heads into Myrkwood, then seems to overlap with the shadow of an aged tree.
Snow falls from the branches, and a black fowlbeast takes off from the shadows between tree and snow.
Typhon runs towards the spot.
The footprints end abruptly on empty ground, and the snow shines with the bright reflection of the light from the twin moons.
