The people involved in the megastructure restoration project gaze at the nightscape across the other end of the icefield from the basecamp. The last round of power supply testing had just ended, and all is well. Kal'tsit has arranged for each engineering team to rest for twelve hours.
After the twelve hours, the basecamp will activate the megastructure for the first time.
But few are able to sleep soundly right now, especially the scientific expedition team members who will be first to pass through the megastructure; only Typhon was able to slip into her sleeping bag on the spot, and even she was woken up by Magallan.
On the other side of those gigantic doors may lie some brand new dimension, but it is more likely than not to be some boring, rocky desert expanse, a dead end with no return, or a failed experiment gone up in a ball of flames. Expeditioners have long been accustomed to walking alongside the unknown, but it is precisely because of that persistent apprehension and anticipation that they still resolve to explore.
Beyond the potential discoveries that the megastructure might bring about, Magallan can see further. To minimize certain conflicts, the first batch of expedition members were carefully selected to balance a wide gamut of factors, but the subsequent competition over various interests—if there even <i>are</i> any benefits to be reaped—is inevitable.
When she first stepped out into the icefield, these thoughts wouldn't have crossed her mind.
Now, as she looks at the friends who have assisted her on her excursions into the icefields over the years, she decides that, for the time being, it is not the time for explorers to be carrying that weight.
Typhon will serve as the primary combatant along with two Snowpriests to protect against anomalous Collapsal threats after passing through the megastructure. Santalla chose to stay behind in this cold, familiar land to witness the end of the Samifjod's struggle against calamity—or perhaps a new beginning. No matter what sort of data the megastructure reveals, it will all be carried upon the wind and snow, passing through the solid ice that has entombed countless souls.
The Cyclops continues to stare at the megastructure. Her people have spanned thousands of years, finally coming into contact with their own prophecy. 'Fate does not end here.' Valarqvin says nothing more than this. She simply continues to repeat it, and Magallan has no way to tell if she has gazed across to the other side of the megastructure.
In the command center, a lone figure stands before the observation window.
Perhaps this was an extremely rare moment for the Doctor to relax and be alone in the basecamp, but Magallan does not overthink things as she steps forward to their side.
Rhodes Island clearly had its expectations for this megastructure. 'But Doctor, what are <i>you</i> hoping for?' Magallan asks.
The Doctor remains silent.
......
Twelve hours later, preparations are complete.
Standing at such a close distance, Magallan can no longer see the entirety of the megastructure, only the shadows constantly flowing by.
She recalls the Doctor's answer.
'Myself.'
Whatever imagination people cast into the abyss of the unknown can only ever be their own shadow.
So go forth. See with your own eyes. Turn the unknown into the known, and search for new possibilities.
Go and find yourself.
