(Decrypted hidden ciphertext)
Delphine, if you're able to read the message I've left for you above, it means you've kept up with the cryptography I taught you. Fine work.
I'm currently on my way back to Lynncardine. The turbulence has been so rough that I've barely gotten any sleep—that, or perhaps I'm coming down with something from all the stress.
While getting some fresh air on the deck earlier, I found the photo you secretly stashed in my overcoat. There are a few creases on it, but I was overjoyed to discover this surprise of yours, and can't wait to see both you and my Duke again. 
My girl, I have always believed that we would lead the way to ensuring that Victoria's glory will endure, and the dukes keeping each other in check has been the best case scenario for the nation's future. Your mother and I have never disagreed on this, so my eyes and ears have brushed off the noise in order to guarantee Windermere's stability for many years.
However, the decision I made during the dukes' secret meeting in Londinium has sowed within me a seed of doubt. I never expected Parliament to conclude with letting those disgusting Sarkaz mercenaries 'clean up' the Steam Knight system in our stead. Every duke voted in favor of this 'difficult decision,' but no doubt they had made this choice even before the session began.
This plan is even now being quietly executed right behind my back as I set off from the city. I realize now that my original vision of becoming a decision maker who personally affects my country's future has also resulted in me personally tarnishing our glory.
Do the dukes' interests weigh heavier than Victoria's honor?
I shouldn't be thinking about this any longer, but I just can't banish it from my mind. One day you'll inherit your mother's title—what would you do if it were you?
While trying to locate Lynncardine on the horizon, I thought about the past again. As a child, you would shield me with your back at banquets, only to fall into my arms in tears later those same nights.
I'll always be proud of you, so...
Will you still be proud of me, Delphine?
——Papa 1094.02
