On a Bolívarian shoreline unknown to man, two Sea Terrors that have difficulty identifying due to mimicry have affixed themselves to the surrounding reefs, letting the waves beat against them. They seem to harbor no hostility toward other creatures, simply anchored there like timeless statues.
Rhodes Island still has a few more stops around Columbia. In addition to wandering around cities to enjoy certain aspects of regional culture that can't be found on Rhodes Island, Mizuki, who has snuck out, occasionally comes to these remote locations, sitting on the reef while hugging his knees, listening to the sounds of the waves or the wordless whispers of the Sea Terrors.
Are you guys trying to assess the weather by observing the clouds? Mizuki can tell that the two of them are looking up at the sky in a certain way, but their visual organs are so delicate and unique as if capable of reaching far beyond the clouds. The purpose of them doing this is fascinating after all, as the Sea Terrors have little to do with the sky above. Though some Sea Terrors have already tried suspending themselves midair to swim through the aether, the flocks of soaring fowlbeasts are far from a rich source of nutrients for nurturing their kind, and the practice of looking downward is maladaptive to life within the ocean.
We do not care, about the weather. We are waiting. The two Sea Terrors remain motionless, just as they have for most of their lives. They neither possess nor need extra vocal organs. They have their own ways of transmitting the information they wish to convey to their kind.
What purpose drives some Sea Terrors to evolve into these rock-like forms to continually stand watch beneath the clouds? Mizuki immediately understands that the reason behind this weighty mission might not be something easily explained in a few words. He doesn't ask any more questions, and stands up to leave.
At that moment, a number of incomprehensible anomalies appear in the sky. Gaps rupturing in the sky, scintillating bursts of ionizing radiation, even never before seen–
Was this their doing? No, there's no way a couple of Sea Terrors would have the power to influence the space far beyond their reach. Their only purpose is to observe. Did someone else do something? And why? Might it be Columbia in that direction? And what exactly was that...?
When Mizuki finally comes to his senses once more, the two Sea Terrors have long since disappeared. Perhaps they were eager to return to their lair to deliver a message to their kin– one that may have taken hundreds of years to prepare for the sake of expanding their evolutionary strategy.
