1. An Introduction to the Memorial Hall
'Der Schwingende Gentleman' Memorial Auditorium was completed in 1083, formerly known as the three hundred year-old Graf Pangwen Spire. Graf Pangwen was a renowned musician who was active three hundred years ago. He was well-reputed throughout society for his outstanding musical achievements and his unique, witty personality, earning him the nickname of 'Der Schwingende Gentleman.' Graf Pangwen's spire has undergone many changes since its establishment, but has withstood the torrent of change. It still continues to preserve a large number of ancient musical instruments and music scores, and remains one of the most faithful witnesses to the history of Kreis Eingeweide, and even Leithanien itself.
Today, Graf Pangwen Spire has been renamed 'Der Schwingende Gentleman' Memorial Auditorium after renovations, and is once again open to the public. Through the ancient and elegant collections here, visitors can catch a glimpse into Leithanien's glorious past and understand how this magnificent opus continues into the present day.
Admission: 2 ducats/person. In memory of Graf Pangwen, admission is free for those under 1.5 meters of height, regardless of age.
2. Exhibition Collections
......
No. 23 Pink Felt Mallet
The head of this mallet is made of pink and white felt, producing a soft and smooth tone with its soft texture. The wooden rod is inlaid with obsidian. Unfortunately, only one of its kind exists. An administrator at the memorial auditorium once claimed that he saw a large number of such mallets bouncing around the hall late at night, making strange noises wherever they went. This has been passed down as a ghost story.
......
No. 46 Silver Violin Bow
This beautifully-shaped violin bow is entirely silver-white. The bow is fashioned from strange materials, described by critics as 'pure unmelting snow' wrapped by countless threads of ice. There are some mysterious phenomena surrounding this collection piece – for example, no matter what is played using it, the listener can always hear a vague whisper, and a feeling of homesickness invariably arises in their heart... Recent research has discovered that the mysterious patterns engraved on the bow bear striking similarities to the patterns of Sami textiles.
......
No. 76 Blue Tailfeather Drum
The most striking thing about this Sargon-style percussion instrument is the slender blue tail feathers attached to it. Despite its beautiful appearance, the rusty smell wafting from it tends to make people slightly uncomfortable. It is rumored that beating on this drum can make the artificers that craft Arts Units understand the mysteries behind their mechanical structures. Therefore, there was a time when many artificers would come to beat on the drum in prayer. Eventually, they either ended up obsessed with touching up old junk, or hopped on a vehicle to Sargon.
......
No. 123 'Tumbleweed's Dream' Nocturne
This nocturne is one of many pieces composed by Graf Pangwen, exemplifying the Graf's signature cool and tranquil style. What makes this piece different, however, is that it depicts a scene of a tumbleweed rolling across the barrens on a moonlit night. Tumbleweeds are known only to exist in Columbia and Rim Billiton, which proves that Graf Pangwen had already reached the 'unknown land,' further evidence of Leithanien's profound national might at the time.
......
No. 295 Gray Animal Fur
This tuft of animal fur is the final piece of the collection in the exhibition. Salvaged from the garbage bag of Graf Pangwen, it is hard to the touch, and congealed with dry grass and gravel. It has been preserved to this day as an example of how the Graf made musical instruments by hand. Graf Pangwen's manuscripts document the reason why this particular tuft of fur was discarded: poor quality.
3. Assorted Anecdotes
......
The Mystery of Graf Pangwen's Disappearance:
The Graf's servants said that during the later stages of his artistic career, the Graf was often troubled by the complacency and stagnation in Leithanien's musical form. After the Graf retired to his room one night, there suddenly came the sound of bickering from inside the door, mixed in with various animal-like shouts as well as sounds of objects breaking. The servants could only catch a couple lines of what was said: 'You guys lost the bet, what the hell does it have to do with me?!' 'Fine, fine, you can have it, don't tug on my feathers!'
The servants knew that the Graf had a habit of inviting guests over privately, so they did not dare to barge in rashly. They simply listened as the Graf launched into a war of words with the people inside the room, his speech growing progressively faster and more rhythmic. From time to time, an instrument would sound once or twice, almost as if forming a melody. At that moment, the Graf suddenly let out a strange cry and shouted, 'YO~ That's it!', after which the room fell silent.
The servants outside tried to check on the Graf but received no response. Fearing that something might've happened to their master, they threw open the door, only to discover that there was nobody inside the room, and the Graf was nowhere to be seen.
