To the Respectable Old 'Blockhead':
Please pardon my sudden interruption. You may not remember me, but my name is Melanie. Like Nanny Dura, I was formerly a maid for Graf Urtica.
I am here to pass on some tragic news: Nanny Dura passed away three days ago at night, due to her condition taking a turn for the worse. The Urtican countryside was particularly cold this year, and she was ultimately unable to endure the fall season. The silver lining is, at least she passed without much suffering.
No funeral was held for her. Due to the current situation in the Urtica territory, no cemetery was willing to take an unidentified maid. I sought assistance from the Graf's spire, but Graf Urtica himself has not returned there in quite some time, and his rebellious servants would rather hoard the spire's treasures for themselves than give their former companions the treatment they deserve. Fortunately, the local Maeyer family learned of the situation and came to our aid, and I was able to give her a proper burial in the southern barrens. The fowlbeasts and wild roses will be her company there, and she will not be alone.
'A kindhearted old gentleman from Zwillingstürme, despite us never having met before, was still willing to help a commoner from Urtica.' To this day, I still can't believe that we would be graced by such good fortune. Back when she was alive, Nanny used to always talk about you. Bread, new clothes, and coin to keep our shack repaired – you gave us these gifts so that we wouldn't freeze to death in the streets. You must be a noble soul full of pure virtue! There is nothing I can offer you but my sincerest gratitude.
As I pen this letter to you, I still have not gotten over my grief. But, I've nevertheless made up my mind and want to tell you my decision: you no longer need to send us any funding in the future. The Maeyers share your virtuous heart and work tirelessly for the people of Urtica. With their help, I've found a new job picking fruit for a winery – difficult work, to be sure, but one that lets me be self-reliant. In the past, you've always encouraged us through your letters: 'Don't give up hope on living; the dawn will eventually come.' I swear to always keep your words on my mind, continue to persevere, and look forward to a brighter tomorrow.
Finally, I have some minor, though improper, requests. If you happen to stop by Urtica one day, could you please visit the tomb of Nanny Dura –– Actually, it would be even better if we could meet again. This has been our long-cherished wish.
May you be well in Zwillingstürme, and be blessed by the glory of the Twin Spires.
Melanie
