At dusk, at the Lutonshof Gendarmerie checkpoint, several officers are packing their equipment.
'Captain, the case is starting to look promising. Are we just going to call off the investigation?'
'That's precisely the reason why we're calling it off. Think about it: the clues we've found these last few days point to a noble with a rather complicated identity, and there's a chance it's even related to the Witch King's remains.'
'No wonder the Empresses' Voice sent a message to Markgraf Steiner, saying that they would handle the case– Oh! Say, are Their Majesties interested in personally supervising this?'
'If we pursue it ourselves, we'll run into a lot of doors we can't open, and spires we can't climb. It's better to close it up and hand matters over to the Empresses' Voice...'
The wooden door is pushed open, and a bright red light pours into the room. The people inside are dazzled for a spell, and the gendarmes immediately fall silent. The light of the sunset fades, and a diminutive figure stands in the afterglow.
'The case isn't over,' the boy says.
'Where the hell did the kid come from? And what nonsense are you spouting...'
'Baron Bastian Lotte, eldest gendarme of Lutonshof, you are the first person involved in this case, so I've come to you.' The boy produces a black envelope: 'The Empresses' Voice will intervene, but during this time, you are not to halt your investigation. You must continue looking into any relevant clues, and if you make any progress, please forward the information to the address on this confidential letter.'
'I'm afraid that even if I had the will for it, continuing the investigation would be...'
'Steiner will not stop your work, nor will the Empresses' Voice.'
The Lupo boy holds out the envelope.
'There is no door that this letter cannot open, and no spire that this letter cannot climb.'
The baron gulps, takes the dark letter, and rubs the golden seal with his fingertips.
'Who... are you?'
The boy's lips curl, and he finally falls silent. He immediately makes an about-face, casting a long black shadow as he sinks into the dissipating light of the sunset beyond the door.
