One lightfooted leap.
The maroon-clad Messenger ascends through the dense forest, stopping midair before gradually speeding up as she falls, as if she were an unruly ball being bounced about by playing children.
Her sightline is once again level with where it was a moment ago, but her feet leave no trace on the pure white snow.
Following the influx of tourists into Sami, the number of arriving researchers grew along with the amount of Messenger work. Though the work here was very different from how it was in the south. In Sami, they had to adapt to the lack of modern communication and navigation, instead turning to the divinations of Snowpriests and the guidance of nature itself.
Angelina did her best to learn these ways, and was such a fast learner that her Samifjod teacher would proudly boast about her. Friends and colleagues alike would tell her that no Siracusan knew Sami better than her as they asked for her help. Naturally, she always accepted their requests, but at the same time would patiently explain that she couldn't possibly be the best person from a talented country like Siracusa, and that she still has a lot to learn.
But when it came time for her to do her work, it really did seem like Sami itself wanted to speak to her. Shockingly, she too could see and interpret the secret codes once privy to only the Snowpriests. At first, her friends in Sami were amazed, but as time went on they'd say: 'I don't really get it, but hey, it's Angelina. Makes sense.'
Furthermore, she could leap higher than the clan trees, and see as far as a soaring fowlbeast. She'd be able to help out with Sami's many problems, they'd say.
Angelina recalls their words. On the one hand, she thinks 'maybe I really can?' But on the other, just thinking that makes her cringe with embarrassment.
But this was no time for thoughts like that. She holds her staff tight and dashes forward, facing the direction that she espied from the air.
Faster and faster, her silhouette flits through the dense woods, as though the trees themselves didn't exist. The snowy ground feels the touch of her feet, but she doesn't disturb a single snowflake.
Cross mount and stream, snows thus traversed; fate's choice fixed in stone.
Cry mournful lay, cold heavens shake; from lone trunk does forest bloom.
The codes for 'Arrival' and 'Plea.' This was the information that Sami had passed on to her. In the blink of an eye, she sees the black tracks pacing back and forth across the dark green, and the panicking crowd of people.
At precisely this moment, a plan of action flashes through her mind. She doesn't have the luxury of pondering where this thought came from.
The Enemy. It exists in all directions across space and time. And thus, it is not shackled to time, unbound by causality. Its state of nonexistence can become existence, but can just as easily return.
—I can do it!
And thus, in the instant she activates her Originium Arts, with no expenditure of energy, with no movement of matter, with no passage of time—
The Enemy simply blinks out of existence, as though it were never there.
—Not long after, in the south, in a corner of the intercity net closed off from prying eyes.
Situation report:
Joint exploration team 6-67 has returned from the area codenamed Sjafyrir Hringrinn. The return trip was rough, with exhausted supplies and repeated Collapsal attacks. Luckily, there was a Siracusan Hall of Messengers employee operating locally who was able to assist in neutralizing the attacks, saving the team from a loss of personnel. We should consider thanking and commending her.
Situation report (encrypted):
Subject 6-67C has been retrieved, confirmed unaffected by Collapse. Upon comparison, confirmed that it vibrates in unison with sample 1-14A. We can infer that 6-67C and its analogs can reliably induce the Clooney-Kaminski effect using modern technology. Hypothesis A-A is tenable. Hypothesis A-A is tenable. Hypothesis A-A is tenable.
Furthermore, the aforementioned Siracusan Hall of Messengers employee used extremely unique Arts. Please advise on whether to investigate.
Reply:
This is an important matter. Let Component Control handle it.
