Not too long ago, what lied at the foot of the megastructure at the end of the icefield were but ancient ruins worn away by the elements, or swarms of rampaging Collapsals. But in the wake of the Black Hole Protocol, people finally managed to check the spread of those Collapsals, and built their own research stations by its side. The ruins already present were themselves constantly being explored, and the prehistoric technology left within became the driving force behind the advancement of society. A new age was upon us—
...
Within one of the excavated ruins, Kal'tsit brought Mon3tr to search for something.
Photographs gathering dust—but not yet ravaged by time—and instruments with barely-flickering indicators. But those were not her goals, and she prepared to plunge deeper still.
Finally, she stops in front of a grand information terminal.
She slips on gloves and cracks the terminal open, and out of the morass of fine electrical components, she removes the storage units within.
Kal'tsit takes a look at those miniaturized units in her hand, knowing all too well what was recorded within them—
...
Kal'tsit sits within a Rhodes Island office, before her a detailed report on the excavation of the ruins. Within are notes on the unknown components they had found, alongside several terminals they were unable to decipher, on top of the large terminal that she had handled herself. They would become a reserve of Terra's technologies for ages to come, consigned to being a footnote to this new technological age.
But what they did not realize was that the most valuable thing from those ruins was already in Kal'tsit's hands.
Warp drives, and high-energy cores. The data on starship maintenance stored within would be enough for the geniuses of Terra to outshine the glories of eld.
That was a future she did all she could to avert.
Kristen had broken through the starpod, yet there was still no response from the heavens.
But that was not only the starpod binding Terra.
Not every excess could be permitted.
Kal'tsit looked out the window at the twin moons barely visible in the skies above.
Until then, she would hold back man's inquisitive hand, just as she had for countless eons.
But...
She continues to look out the window. Where once there was but a desolate, snow-bound frontier, there was now a settlement grand enough for a landship to dock at.
The megastructure had been propped up from the snow, and every ruin restored to usability. Kal'tsit absent-mindedly ponders the shadows of the past, when suddenly she felt that perhaps she ought not to interfere in Terra's development too much.
Over endless years, Terra had changed radically, and she herself was no longer the Kal'tsit she was at the beginning of all this.
...
And thus, three days later, explorers found those all-important storage units tucked away in a corner of the ruins.
