What is it exactly that allows the various peoples across the lands to set aside the differences of race and identity and come together for a common goal?
It is the pursuit of ideals, and the exploration of the unknown.
When Muelsyse first arrived at the base camp in front of the megastructure, researchers and explorers from all across the land had already gathered there.
Further ahead, the megastructure stood silently.
Though the collapsal known as Cresson had already disappeared, the collapsal value in this area is still terrifyingly high.
Everyone lives in constant terror of the Collapsal Paradigm's impact, as well as the fear of being contaminated and turning into collapsals themselves.
Yet, for the purposes of exploration and research, they still built a base here, preparing their projects.
Nothing can curb their thirst for knowledge.
When Snowpriests inscribed their Foldartals here, when casters built their spires here, when engineers laid down their pipelines here–
In a trance-like state, Muelsyse recalls all the things Kristen had done to bring Rhine Lab together for the purpose of splitting the sky open.
Food rationing is no longer a problem, the anti-collapsal measures developed at great cost have successfully passed through the initial development phase and been shared with everyone at the base, but the project as a whole has nevertheless stalled.
People lack the knowledge and ability to make sense of these prehistoric facilities, and even the one from Rhodes Island is neither omniscient nor omnipotent.
Muelsyse can ensure that people live here comfortably, but there is little she can do about these other problems.
More help is needed.
The ancient peoples that lived here...
Muelsyse's thoughts quickly turn to her compatriots from Sami.
They are reclusive and independent, and do not wish to be disturbed or changed by outsiders. Muelsyse knows this very well.
However, wasn't she herself an Elf who had deemed it impossible for others to understand her, and sealed herself off in her water?
Muelsyse decided to knock on the door of the Elves, with questions in mind and a broken device from the megastructure in hand.
......
They promised to repair the device she brought. As they worked, tough branches weaved through soft steel to probe the damaged components; transparent tree sap was both an adhesive and a repair material, automatically changing properties based on the type of damage.
The roots of the giant tree were more precise than any machine she had ever seen. With the Elves' accurate pinpointing of the cause of the damage, the device was as good as new in no time.
Muelsyse was overjoyed. She hoped that the Elves would also join the research over at the icefield megastructure. With their knowledge and insight, she could practically see the changes that would be ushered in by such explosive technological advancement.
As expected though, they turned her down. Neither distrust nor arrogance even entered the equation. Sami still sleeps, and the land is still scarred. Their mission is not yet complete, and aiding others is not a part of it.
After a long discussion between the two parties, Muelsyse came up with a solution: she would study here, and regularly bring what she learned back to the base camp. However, she would not reveal any information about this place, nor bring anyone else with her. That way, the Elves would still be able to maintain their traditions, and the expeditioners would be able to make breakthroughs in their research on the megastructure.
The Elves look to each other before agreeing to the plan. Whether this was due to their undue favoritism towards their kin who they'd just met after hundreds of years, a compromise in response to Sami's rapid environmental changes in recent years, or some other reason, we do not know.
However, for Muelsyse, this is truly a new beginning. After piercing the veil of the sky, after countless years of confusion, she finally had the opportunity to understand the Elves, herself, and the meaning of her existence.
