Something blocks Santalla's way as she journeys from the icefields to the Rhodes Island safe house.
It is an old tree/a human/a great crow.
It is simply there, as though it always has been.
The past is the present is the future.
Therefore, they have stayed/are staying/will stay here.
The power of words penetrates time and space, waiting for Santalla to offer tribute.
Waiting for 'language.'
The snow around them sinks, while the thorns climbing up form a perfect circle around the two.
Santalla does not stop. She walks up to the old tree.
She extends her arms and embraces it.
Until now, she has never touched the old tree like this, whether out of respect, pride, or some other reason.
This old tree is not yet wilted. Its bark is hard and its branches lush.
Old but healthy, it awaits words of blessing from its junior.
'Thank you.'
This is her tribute to the old tree.
The tree gladly accepts.
Then, she walks up to the human dressed as a Snowpriest.
The human holds a staff in the left hand, and the right hand is open with its palm facing upwards, as though demanding something.
Santalla grabs the hand and shakes it.
Memories flash across Santalla's eyes as she feels the touch on her skin.
The first time she made contact with Rhodes Island.
The first time she shook hands with Amiya.
The first time she approved of the Doctor.
Her first reconciliation with an Ursus.
'Thank you.'
Santalla holds the human's hand in hers, and bows.
This is her tribute to the human.
The human gladly accepts.
Finally, she walks up to the great crow.
All three of its eyes are on her, but their gaze goes past Santalla and into the distance.
After thinking for an instant, Santalla takes out a jar from her belt, and pours out a candy onto her palm.
Once, she thought honey was the sweetest thing in the world, until she encountered this.
She extends her hand towards its beak, the candy still on it. It snaps up the candy and swallows it.
'Thank you.'
This is her tribute to the crow.
The crow gladly accepts.
......
When Santalla looks up again, everything has disappeared.
She stands before the Rhodes Island safe house, feeling like she has walked a long way.
What awaits her is warmth, a full belly, and the kindness of her friends.
The reward she earned from fate.
Santalla gladly accepts.
