The girl has always known that the being inside her body is restless, impatient, and powerful.
Sami's frigid winds never relent; here, she does not need to guzzle cold beverages to keep it sedated.
In that regard, she is rather fond of Sami.
The divination mentioned by the locals piqued the girl's curiosity, and she readily found herself before a respected old matronly shaman.
The old shaman enthusiastically brings her into the divining hut. It is a quaint, antiquated place, with candles and radios scattered everywhere, and the air is filled with the faint scent of burnt incense.
The kindly shaman does not ask about the girl's background, or even why she came. But she knows that the girl needs her help.
Even as the girl is still wavering, the old shaman has already begun her preparations.
She asks her to sit in a ventilated area. A small heater is placed there, to stave off the cold.
She hands the girl a small cup of tea. It has a light, elegant taste.
She gives the radio a good pat with her hand, and it begins to play a melodious local tune.
What's next? Do you need to do any rituals? The girl looks at the old woman.
The old woman replies that divination does not actually require any rituals. All you need is to calm down and heed Sami's guidance.
Listen to Sami's voice. Trust it, and it will guide you.
The girl closes her eyes, putting her trust in this stranger, and in Sami.
Her fingertips unconsciously wander to the blade of her sword, and she feels her thoughts drifting along with Sami's falling snow, soaring with the frigid wind, before finally flying back into the depths of her heart to help her find her other self.
Her other self is struggling, letting out muffled sounds.
It proclaims that it is the mighty Surtr. It should have dominion. It should be worshipped, and its name passed down in legend.
But because it was defeated, dismembered, and sealed away by its craven enemies, it is now a shadow of its former self. Only by repeatedly finding insignificant creatures to be its vessel can it recover its powers.
Because of their lack of strength, none of its vessels are able to clearly remember their pasts.
Even Surtr cannot remember where it found this girl. Kazdel? Or somewhere nearby?
But it does not matter. The girl was right to come to Sami. This is where Surtr was once defeated and sealed away.
Within Sami's snowstorms, the enemy used its body to seal away its might. As long as the girl heeded its guidance and reached the right spot, she would easily be able to unseal it with its flaming sword.
As long as Surtr could recover some of its powers, it would surely be able to help her find her lost memories.
No matter how much the wind and snow try to hinder her, the flames would surely show her the path.
A chill passes through her, and the girl snaps back to consciousness. A candle still burns beside her.
The old shaman slowly points it out to the girl. In front of her, the flickering flame left behind two messages.
The woman tells her the meaning of the first message.
Sami watches over the kind-hearted. Simply believe what you hear, and you will surely arrive at your destination.
The girl realizes that the old shaman thinks it is Sami's voice that she heard. Whatever, it was better not to point this out.
Then, the woman gently relays the meaning of the second message.
Most importantly, child, you must believe in yourself.
