Valarqvin follows the Cyclops procession that has entered the icefields.
Freezing wind rages, and an environment even harsher than the rocky caves in the mountains denies the possibility of life's continuation. The unknown future is always frightening, but the Cyclopes that have moved north will continue, as long as they have not foreseen ill fate.
There are natural shelters on the icefields that will provide temporary cover, but they are not their destination.
Get closer to the prophecy, see clearly, and form the barrier against disaster, extending the survival of the frozen earth of the north for another millennium.
The Cyclopes had begun to guide ahead when the ring appeared in their foresight, when the shadow's corruption of Sami began to accelerate, preparing for the new migration. 'Sacrifice' is a word all too familiar to them. Kazdel has long bathed in blood since the distant past. The Cyclopes no longer gaze upon Kazdel, but they are keenly aware that if the Teekaz are to keep their land, someone must keep watch in the far north. Just as the warriors of Sami have built defensive lines on the mountains to protect their homes and loved ones.
Valarqvin is a dissident amongst them. The pessimistic Cyclopes trust no outsiders. The Sarkaz have seen too much parting, hatred, and betrayal. The prophets who constantly gaze upon the future do not carry with them the hatred of the past, but are unwilling to accept uncertainty that will cloud their foresight. Even if the survey teams have arrived at the end of the icefields, the Cyclopes refuse to work with them or tell outsiders of the great vision they see. The brief opening of the door, and the mutual annihilation of Sami's ancestral spirit and the invading demon, have caused the vision to become even more broken and unfathomable.
They abide Valarqvin's presence. The young dissident must hasten her steps to keep pace with her tall kin. They whisper from time to time, exchanging news about the icefields and demonic corruption.
In this procession, she is neither hero nor sinner. They know she has thrown herself into a fate too complex and intricate. One false step, and she will fall into darkness. Therefore, she must stay with them, for now.
They also know that she will not stay forever, for she has seen where her own end lies.
An ill fate awaits.
It has always been so.
