Kal'tsit and the Doctor sit in a meeting room, planning out the many things needed to get the Black Hole Protocol up and running.
'Čappat should not be the only starting point, nor the only supply depot.'
The Doctor takes the map and circles Columbia's current research outposts, along with various Sami tribes and Ursus frontier towns.
'If so—' Kal'tsit marks the circled areas from south to north with a pencil, 'We'll have to proceed gradually, but within a few years building supply depots directly on the icefield itself will be feasible.'
'Next issue, how will we handle Collapsals?'
The Doctor picks up the nearby Maylander Exploration Society training materials.
'Those are important, but sadly insufficient.
'I believe we should draft a new set of regulations ensuring that only those who pass a test on recognizing Collapsal Paradigms can join an exploration team.
'Additionally, each team must include at least one member who can purify said Paradigms. This would dramatically increase their chances of survival.'
The Doctor thinks for a moment before remarking that such people tended to be from Ursus or Sami. If they were to be able to integrate their skills, they may prove to be even more effective.
'I will arrange for joint discussions with them then. If it will lead to minimizing the harm from Collapsals, I believe both will agree.
'Shall we take a break, Doctor?'
The Doctor gives some canned coffee a good shake, then passes another can to Kal'tsit.
'Thank you. Now, let us continue.'
'Regarding supply routes, we must work closely with each and every Catastrophe Messenger.
'And I do mean <i>all</i> of them.
'Each country can only be responsible for the transportation of goods to their own borders, so were we unable to grasp the patterns of Terra's Catastrophes, the frequent natural disasters would be enough to destroy their already flimsy trust in the program.
'—Wait, you're saying we should cooperate with the Durins to establish underground supply routes?
'...I will leave the feasibility assessment of that to you, Doctor.
'Meanwhile, I will get in contact with the various transport companies in every nation to request their cooperation.
'Now, for the final issue at hand.
'If we are to complete all the objectives of the Black Hole Protocol, Rhodes Island must expand.
'We will need more offices, and more operators.
'Considering our position—'
The Doctor interrupts Kal'tsit mid-sentence, simply passing her a file detailing an Infected recruitment plan. It notes in painstaking detail the recruitment procedures for Infected in every country, every office and contact station in the wilderness, every flow of materials between sites and the regulations involved, specific methods for easing the misgivings of each government, as well as what pay and benefits the Infected would receive upon joining.
'...Very well then. Remember to get Amiya's suggestions before the internal meetings.'
Kal'tsit takes a sip of coffee and tidies up the various materials and files they had been poring over into a neat pile to the side.
'You go ahead, Doctor. I still have a meeting with Pith in ten minutes, to discuss the training course for new reserve operators.
'Here, in this room.'
The Doctor picks up the files, and looks back to see Kal'tsit sitting up perfectly straight—her breathing eased and her eyes closed—taking the opportunity for a breather in the short break between meetings.
The Doctor quietly stuffs the files into their bag, dims the lights in the room, and silently leaves.
...
The next time the Doctor enters that room with Kal'tsit, they glance at the minutes for the prior meeting. The policies they formulated back then had already begun to bear fruit. Supply depots had been built at the entrances to the icefield. There is constant movement along the great supply network that spans all of Terra. Many Infected have donned Rhodes Island's uniform. All taking part in humanity's great expedition.
'You've arrived?' Kal'tsit opens her eyes, looking at the Doctor to her side.
'Let's begin, then.'
'I would like to discuss establishing a research outpost at the far end of the icefield, alongside the possibility of restoring the megastructure.'
