Sami was in good spirits.
Recently, whenever she leapt into the skies of this snowy nation, Angelina had that thought.
The trees grew back their leaves, animals were out and about more frequently, and the various tribespeople greeted her warmly more often.
As for the pitch-black Collapse monsters—the Enemy—it appears that their numbers had dwindled away.
Rationally speaking, Angelina knew that most of the credit went to the Black Hole Protocol. In the furthest reaches of the north, what might be the largest megascale engineering project in all of Terran history rapidly expanded under the framework of multinational cooperation.
Considering all that, it's only natural that Sami felt better than ever!
Perhaps she could compare it to her hometown in Siracusa, or the other countries to the south... As little changes accumulated bit by bit, everything seemed to slowly get better and better.
When the Doctor gave Angelina the letter, saying that it was an 'official communication of national import,' it shocked her half to death, so much so that she forgot to actually take it.
At least, until the Doctor mentioned the name of the receiver. Only then did she manage to compose herself and accept the mission.
That embarrassing panic, along with how she nearly misspoke when leaving afterwards, were moments she wished she could hide deep in her heart.
Angelina dropped lightly back down to the ground and composed her thoughts, a sincere smile showing on her face as she handed that all-important document over to a Snowpriest— Ah, but it should be mentioned that she was no longer a mere Snowpriest, but a core member of the Snowpriest Council.
The Snowpriest was in no hurry to open the letter, instead stashing it away in a pocket before giving her friend that she hadn't seen in a very long time a big hug, just like how that same friend had taught her back then.
'Despite the polite formalities of the letter, I could feel the sincerity behind its words.
'The icefield is gradually melting, and Sami's trees have been invited to return and take root.
'As the sender acknowledges, they require the aid of the Samifjod, but she is glad to see us return to our native lands as well.'
'Huh? You already read the whole thing? Wait, ah, no, you don't need to tell a Messenger what's in the letter. Or... can you? Is it really okay?'
'Of course it is. You're my friend, Angie, and nothing was written that needs to be kept secret.
'Moreover... I have to reply, you see. That is to say, I can read your script well enough, but writing it is still a different story...'
'Ah! Just a sec! I'll go grab a pen and some paper!'
Once more she awakens, and Angelina feels the wind brushing against her cheek. A visible, silken wind.
Above her head sprawls a familiar yet unfamiliar galaxy in all its magnificence. Was it this brilliant light that was illuminating the breeze, and gave it its color?
No, it couldn't be, she suddenly realized. Whether like light reflecting off the wind, or like light emanating from a river of stars, they were but traces of the movement of dust.
Time and space became material, appearing before her.
This was Sami's hint.
Just like what was written in the reply letter, Sami wanted to take those who wished to depart alongside It. It had merely waited until Angelina had delivered the letter before It conveyed this hint to her.
As for how to decipher it, she must look to herself for the answer.
And the moment the thought 'I can do it' formed in her mind, with no expenditure of energy, with no movement of matter, with no passage of time—
She awoke in her bed, this time for real.
'Where are you guys going?'
'We must accompany the All-Father, for He will choose the path ahead for us.'
To ask that you refuse another in my stead is rather embarrassing, said the Snowpriest.
'So... can I still see you all later?'
'But of course. The All-Father calls Terra home too, after all.'
Far lies the sound, sight flung in distance; unknowns yet unknown.
Stores flush with hunger-guard, slaked is your thirst; naught more need ask.
