She shouts, yells, screams. It is a dream of strife.
She has lost sensation in her legs. Many shards embed themselves in her body. Blood flows. The air is filled with smoke. The southerners left without so much as a glance back, as if they never heard her. Typhon knows the weapon they used to hurt her. The explosives that send Originium shards flying. They had used the same method to blow apart the old entangled tree.
One talks into a communicator, with no hint of joy or guilt. 'We shook the Sami guide. She was very superstitious and kept obstructing our investigation with her arbitrary rules. Our maps are good enough that we don't need a guide anymore. No worries, I'll contact base camp if there is a problem.'
'Maps are no use if you incur Sami's wrath... She will raise the mountains and call the wind and snow upon you...'
Typhon tries to give them a final warning.
Exploration fever has brought survey team after survey team into Sami's icefields, followed by Pioneer Teams and engineering vehicles. Sami has tolerated these visitors, permitted their power plants, camps, bus depots and communication stations, and even abided the occasional fire and lingering smoke. The improved facilities have made exploration much safer for the southerners.
But Sami's environment has not become any more forgiving, nor has the threat of the icefield gone away. Typhon, like many Sami, serves as a guide and a rescuer, teaching the children of the south an important lesson: Respect nature and never cross its boundaries.
'Alright, we'll take samples here.' The southerner who no longer had any patience for her teachings speaks into the communicator. 'We've removed all the superstitious Sami crap.'
But... the clan tree...
Typhon has no more strength to speak. Smoke gets into her eyes, and her tears mix with the blood dripping into them. A tribe's clan tree falls to the roar of a chainsaw, and the sound of it hitting the ground summons the clansmen.
A battle of shame and vengeance, of blood for blood.
The light of Sarkaz Arts flickers in the melee.
Typhon tries to draw someone's attention, be it the explorers or the Sami. She is hoping someone will understand her signal and turn their attention to what she is pointing at.
She sees the shadow of the demon chasing after them.
Finally, a Sami notices her.
He berates her, the Sarkaz outsider who led the way for the explorers, and brings his hammer down.
The dream comes to an abrupt end. The alert hunter leaps up.
Pointing her bow at the shadow emerging from the forest and threatening her sleeping friend from the survey team, she lets the arrow loose without hesitation.
