I don't know when it happened, but I don't think I can live without this little book anymore. All I remember is, carrying it on me like this seems to be a habit I picked up during my last stint in jail.
When those scary devils first came to our land, life didn't seem to change all that much. But one night, when I went out to the streets to search for some small baubles, I was caught by the patrolling devils and thrown in prison.
It was then that I realized, the place where I lived my whole life really had changed hands.
But after that, those devils never showed up again. Instead, a few Victorian gentlemen showed up to interrogate me every day about where some 'hat' was. But, there are so many hats on this plate. How am I supposed to know where the hat they're looking for is?
They then tossed me this little notebook and told me to write down all the places there were 'hat.'
Do you have any idea how hard that is? Hundreds, if not thousands of hats have passed through my hands in this line of work. How am I supposed to finish this? I have kids back home I need to take care of! So, I just wrote down the locations of all the hat-wearing corpses I cleaned up, and even listed the little baubles I secretly dug out.
That entire week I was in jail, the gentlemen said they had never seen me be so meek and cooperative before. Hah, being meek and cooperative can save your life!
When I was released, they threw me out right in front of the devils. Thinking back about it, that attitude came in handy twice!
In the time after I was released, one of the gentlemen came up to me secretly and warned me not to go out to work at night - it wasn't safe, he said. He also said, he knew who I was from the very beginning, a poor fellow hard at work on the streets all year 'round. Even said he had been taking good care of my kid back home this week!
To this day, I'm still extremely grateful to that man. Before the devils showed up, it was never this easy to get out of jail after getting thrown in, and even harder to meet such kind-hearted people. I can assure you, our fellow Victorians are good people who can be trusted!
After I got out of jail, I realized it wasn't a bad idea to use the notebook to record my daily earnings.
It's basically a habit at this point, right? Just like my work.
