Tonight I finally have a chance to take my child down to the cemetery for a proper burial. Those bloody devils have been ramping up their patrols more and more these days!
This cemetery used to only be accessible to noblemen. At some point, I even wanted to receive a dignified burial here myself. Never could've imagined this is where I'd end up, letting such a damn tragedy befall my lovely child.
I'm sorry, my son...
I never should've told you those fibs I made up. Had I never boasted to him about the grand and epic tales of how I led our Victorian soldiers into the alleys to mop up the devils, my poor boy might not've... No, he definitely wouldn't have died trying to be the hero when that blasted devil smashed down his neighbor's door.
But, it made me so happy when he looked up at me with adoration in his eyes. He was the only thing that made this empty life worth living.
I did more than enough to protect him. He just didn't know what those bloody devils are like, or about what this bloody war is about. He was just happy he had a heroic father!
I'm the most cretinous idiot ever to walk these lands!
I should've anticipated the risks of doing that a long time ago, but I stood by and didn't do a damn thing!
I should've come clean a month ago, when he said right before bedtime that he wanted to go slay some devils with me. I had a bit too much to drink that night, and even though my legs were shaking, I didn't have the courage to face my lies.
No, I didn't just do nothing. I went and made the biggest mistake of my life.
I tried to dispel his unrealistic dreams of heroism through intimidation. I took the job of cleaning up on the front lines from my compatriots. Relying on the good ol' technique of hiding under a pile of dead bodies during the cannonfire, I cut off the horns of a bunch of devils and snuck them away when nobody was paying attention.
On his birthday, I gave him a few of these severed horns as present. He cried that night, and never mentioned those bloody devils again. I naively felt that not only had my goal been accomplished, but he actually looked at me with even more admiration. I really felt like a mighty hero.
I heard that the guy I replaced was also executed by the devils not long ago for defying the Military Commission.
Some hero that makes me.
