The plate started rumbling since a week ago. Today’s just the second day since the shaking stopped.
The union has already been completely cut off from the other plates. Though in the past most of our activities were confined to Norport, it’s no secret that we’d also head to other plates under the cover of night for purposes that need not be reported.
But now that the blockade of Norport is a certainty, everyone in the union already has the sense that the darkest days are yet to come.
Quite a few of my colleagues heard news that war had already broken out beyond the plate, and that no small amount of valuable Victorian military equipment had started to pile up into little mountains. But, none of the people trapped inside the city ever heard the sound of battle, and I couldn’t help but to feel that whoever spreading this news was messing with us.
What war were they talking about? Clear as day that it was completely quiet outside in the streets.
But deep down, I couldn’t set aside all those valuables just outside the city walls. So, at night, I used my familiarity with the city to slip past those scattered devils, and snuck out of the city.
And what ended up happening... was nothing but an empty, pitch-black wasteland outside. When I got lost, I nearly bumped into a living person. Scared me so bad I tried to duck and take cover.
But before I could even get my ass down, something went off next to me with a bang. Mud, grass, rocks, and a whole pile of wet, mucky what-else got blasted into the sky, then came splashing down all around me. I was so scared I fled back towards the city.
It was only when I was heading back that I found a mound of dirt full of chunks of flesh, where this flashlight with markings of the Victorian Army was.
Look like there really is a war out there.
Couldn’t fall asleep that night even after two drinks. That’s when I swore on my life to never leave the city again.
(Today, I used the flashlight as evidence to stamp my reputation in front of my colleague. I got a lot of information firsthand: first, there really is a war out there. Second, you can make a whole lot of money by leaving the city. Hah, how I love seeing that greedy glint in their eyes.)
