When Norport fell into the hands of the devils, it wasn't just the old nobles who kept the lights on that went missing. Even communication between our trade union members became more difficult.
Finally managed to scrounge together some valuables from corpses nobody was interested in, but who woulda thought, those Glasgow bastards are cleanin’ the streets from right under the Sarkaz’s noses. How am I gonna let that slide?
But I gotta admit, when it comes to standing against those devils, the little bastards are a real good bunch.
As of late, the devils have been going around indiscriminately grabbing people every now and then, making ‘em clean up the dead bodies from the material transport channels outside the blockade. We hapless bunch either end up a part o’ that corpse pile-up, or we get stuffed back inside this barbed-wire and concrete cage after the work is done. Neither are particularly great options, but if you ask me, I find the prospect of being alive to go back home a bit more enticing.
If not for those little bastards doing a solid for us when we were out there slaving our arses off, I might’ve ended up dead in a ditch a long time ago. The more I saw ‘em around, the more I took a liking to ‘em!
But recently, a handful of the gangsters got a bit uppity and decided to take a swing at the devils while we were out there working. I managed to survive by playing dead, but those good lads weren’t so lucky.
When I went digging for their bodies to mourn for ‘em, I pulled out one o’ the Glasgow lads who was still clinging on to life by a thread. He begged me to take him to see his woman, and I couldn’t say no.
Unfortunately, I didn’t find out until we got there that his woman’s gang had some bad blood with Glasgow, and plus, the devils mopped the whole place up a long time ago. At least the little bastard didn’t last long enough to see the tragedy with his own eyes.
(I buried the little bastard together with his woman, and took the perfume he had bought for her as a present with me. When better days come, and I meet a nice lady willing to be with me, this’ll make a pretty nice gift.)
