Following the map given to him by the Rhodes Island operator, Mizuki arrives at the last city.
Once, during the war against the Seaborn, humanity was utterly routed, its sole survivors building high walls in the mountains, clinging to technology left over from the past in order to survive. In the process, the barriers between country, class, and race all melted away. In the last city, there were no kings or presidents– only people, and the loose alliances they formed, remained. Survival was the end-all be-all, and all other affairs seemed trivial in comparison.
However, now that the Seaborn have left Terra, all kinds of organizations have planted their roots across the city. Most of them have but a singular purpose: to leave the walls of the last city and forge outward. But 'Rhodes Island' is somewhat different. As a relatively influential entity within the city, it is chiefly responsible for maintaining the logistical and medical needs of the other organizations. In the beginning, the founders of Rhodes Island built the high walls, but now, these bricks that have protected mankind for thousands of years will become the cornerstones of humanity's new home.
Mizuki looks at the sights surrounding him with curiosity. He is now on his way to the 'Rhodes Island' headquarters, hoping to find some ancient artifacts there. He asks the people wearing Rhodes Island epaulets one after another to confirm its location, going back and forth through the strange city. Eventually, he finds a structure that looks like the ruins of a nomadic plate.
He is a bit apprehensive to step inside. Even if he enters this 'Rhodes Island,' what is there for him to do? War and the passage of time have eroded away everything he once knew. Nothing stirs anything inside him except a sign, and a somewhat familiar nomadic plate.
Nobody recognizes him, nor does he recognize anyone...
......
Mizuki stands in front of the gate and vacillates for a long time, finally making up his mind to take a look inside this 'Rhodes Island.' He still wants to be part of this organization, if at all possible.
That is all he can think of, all that he can do.
Mizuki walks into the lobby and sees a familiar front desk.
Just as he is about to ask something, a familiar voice rings out in his ear.
'You're back.'
